Newsletter/2023 10 (#95)
dh-tech/dh-tech.github.io: content/news/2023-10-31-October-Newsletter.md

### Education and Training Working Group

In our October DHTech meetup we talked about how DHTech can support training and education of research software engineering work in the Digital Humanities. Jose Hernandez gave an overview of his vision for a new DHTech working group that focuses on developing and sharing training and education resources. Many of us have developed tutorials, slides, or other materials to teach technical topics for DH developers and digital humanists in general that others could benefit from if those resources were made available. As a first outcome of the meetup, Jose created a [Humanities Commons DHTech site](https://hcommons.org/groups/dhtech/) to which people can upload their materials. Furthermore, we plan to meet bi-monthly with this new working group to explore further initiatives. Please join the #education-wg channel on Slack if you are interested in joining the working group.

### Latest Blog Posts

Check out the latest blog posts on the DHTech website!

> - "[Reinventing the DHTech logo](/blog/2023-10-27-new-logo/)" by Rebecca Sutton Koeser about the redesign of our logo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "[Reinventing the DHTech logo](/blog/2023/10/27/new-logo/)" by Rebecca Sutton Koeser about the redesign of our logo.
```

> - "[DHTech Participation at US-RSE Conference](/blog/2023-10-27-usrse23/)" by Cole Crawford about DHTech's involvement in the first US Research Software Engineer Conference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "[DHTech Participation at US-RSE Conference](/blog/2023/10/27/dhtech-at-usrse-conf/)" by Cole Crawford about DHTech's involvement in the first US Research Software Engineer Conference.
```
